SOCIAL ENGINEERING
	!! Talk to Janet --> Have Ron call TMS to find out about acquiring the database (hopefully as CSV)

TECHNICAL STUFF

	Change "subtitle?" on Employees to not be the "notes" section - TEMP FIX - disabled visibility in style sheet
	Fix Main Template so that only using a block for added stylesheet- instead of copying the entire thing over
	Select Customer -> Select Site ... if clicks on Site first, can we get it to auto-select the customer? should these two fields just be combined?
	Go through database and change some columns to CHAR instead of VARCHAR.
	Sanitize all inputs - widget:atts:maxlength / widget:atts:size
		- DONE(ish): Accounts Payable, Vendors
	NOTE: adding "widget:atts:size" to a SELECT field keeps it open 'size' many rows
	Add file upload capabilities for customers/sites/other
	USERS: need to get rid of "Please Select" option from dropdown box if possible, or list info another way. Ideally radio buttons?
	x Vendors > TaxID needs to be validation "required" when 1099 is selected.
	!? Look into why "__validate" is slightly b0rked. - won't print params... only prints "errors" when using the $record. - VENDORS section (1099/TaxID)
	Add show/hide field for checkbox in vendors section
	When adding a new record, the page title defaults to the first item in the list.
	Makes things non-deletable -- add some additional columns for active/inactive
	
FLOW / DATA / INFO
	
	Sections
MEL -->	! Accounts Recievable - Ask M.

-->	Accounting
	
		Employees - SEE "SOFTWARE - Payroll.doc" page 7 to 9, for more info on this.
			Timeclock ID
			? Add emergency contact info?

		Payroll (Employees) - look at page w/ Janet and figure out what needs to be added and how it should work
			? Full / Part - should this be on employee or payroll?
			? Exemptions
			? Pay Period - what goes here? (weekly... what else)
			? Direct Deposit - y/n - do we need this?
			? Vac Time - how do we want this to work? - accrual?
			? YTD - verify: do we need this? keep track of hours: regular / ot / dt?? / holiday / vac
			
			? Income and Deductions
				- set list that gets filled out?
				- or addative list (compares to the way the "rate codes" table works).
				- what categories need to be here? - get clarification!!
				- income / deductions / contributions
			? Move "Workers Comp Code" to payroll, yes?
			- "Payroll hours entered through Service billings should flow through to the employee’s weekly payroll details.  I need to be able to add/update employee details for anything that does not flow through from the Service billing. i.e. adding on-call pay, reimbursements, p/r deductions, etc."
			- "Need to have the ability to print monthly check reports, Quarterly Payroll Reports, Annual Payroll reports, Quarterly Unemployment reports, W-2’s, extract to csv file 401k, 401R & 401L data to submit to 401k Administrators."
			**?!?!?** - "Need the ability to close out P/R on a monthly, quarterly and annual basis."
			- "When an employee makes personal purchase through Airite’s vendor accounts, we setup a tool deduction on the employee’s check to get reimburse for the purchase.  I will need the ability to set up and view the history."
			
		?? General Ledger ??
			Ability to Create Recurring Journal Entries
			Ability to Prepare Manual Journal Entries
			Ability to print General Ledger Reports by Detail Report or Batch
			Closing Procedure
				Check for unposted batches
				If no unposted transactions then print trial balance, Income Statement & Balance Sheets
				When printing any report, have option to view or print.
			Bank Reconciliation
				You can prepare reconciliation based by check number, or manually by check date, amount, etc.
				Ability to view or print Reconciliation Report
				Post after reconciliation is in balance
		
		Accounts Payable (invoice)
			-- not entry -- Discount if pay by the 10th / Discount % - off pre-tax amount -- links with Vendors
			Other Stuff - SEE "SOFTWARE - Accounts Payable.doc" pages 1 & 2, for details.
			
		Vendors
			Distribution Code - general ledger code most commonly used for that vendor - when pulled into payables, this code is carried over
			! Terms - most are Net 30 (payable 30 days from invoice), need info on other options... need more information here on what to do about this.
			! Due Days - number of days until invoice is due - is this auto?
			x Discount % - % dicount vendor offers (if payed by a certain time) - this links with Accounts Payable
			
			Vendor History - shows all invoices entered, and either open or paid - SEE "SOFTWARE - Vendor.doc" page 5, for more info on this.
				- relationship link to vendor.
		
		

	Service

		Call Slips:
			Inventory sale cost - add the ability to override (field in grid - using JS)
			Invoice ---- ADD an option to include an ATTN under "Bill To" above billing address.
					---- ADD an option to include information below the materials
					---- ADD an option for "Fuel" or somesuch... "Misc additionals"
					---- ADD "Total Cost"
			Add options to:	close a call slip
							set status

	
		Customer
BETH -->	!x Billed to Date / Total Due
				How does this work in the current system?
				AUTO - w/ manual button to confirm (check if correct?), but modifyable?
			! Total Contract Amt - what is this? do we need?
			! Adjustments - do we need?
			Some sort of history (Year / Term / Price) - Possibly needs option to "Close the year"